# The Discovery of Immortality Medicine

In May of 2027, Chinese scientist Neng Li, who would later go on to become the President of the People's Republic of China, announced that the he has successfully created the first, working version of his immortality medicine that he has worked on for so long. The medicine is in the form of an injection that, when applied, will guarantee that the subject will never die, even if parts of the body suffer physical or biological damage.

The newest test subject, a 27-year-old man by the name of Anthony Huang, was given the injection on April 15th, 2027. Unlike Dr. Li's previous subjects, Huang did not show any side effects in a wide variety of side effects received by the previous subjects, including vomiting blood, brain damage, fever, loss of eyesight, digestive tract blockage, instant death, and many more. Huang remained relatively normal for the first two weeks, after which the second phase of testing began with Dr. Li firing high-calibre rounds into Huang's body. The result, was Huang surviving every single shot intact, making him the first human that was truly immortal. Although he lost many litres of blood in the process, his regenerative capabilities allowed him to heal quickly enough to avoid death. 

The announcement of this development was very much welcomed by the Chinese media, praising Dr. Li for his amazing contribution to China's technological advancement. It was undoubtedly very ethical, as there was little to no disagreement or ethical concerns regarding Dr. Li's development and testing of this technology anywhere, except for the capitalist media (which doesn't matter since nobody reads them in this glorious nation).

For the safety of the government and of the people, the test subject, Anthony Huang now permanently resides in a maximum-security gulag.

## Immortality Medicine 

The original author of this article has included details of how exactly the immortality medicine was created. Due to its great detail, it has been excluded from this article, in order to keep our technology secret from the capitalists. Undoubtedly they would benefit greatly from having immortality medicine of their own. 

## Conclusion

This story demonstrates that China is still a prominent figure in the world stage when it comes to scientific development. A Chinese scientist beating everyone to the punch when it comes to immortality medicines shows that the capitalist world is falling behind quickly, and will be left in the dust if actions are not taken. Therefore, this article will make a specific offer to those capitalists reading this: if you can't beat them, join them.

Thank you for reading, and glory to the People's Republic of China!
